c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Concessionaria.Model.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Concessionaria.Model.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\obj\Debug\Concessionaria.Model.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\obj\Debug\Concessionaria.Model.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Services.Transaction.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Concessionaria.Control.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Concessionaria.Control.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Services.Transaction.xml
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.pdb
c:\users\mauroneto\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Concessionaria\Concessionaria.Model\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.xml
